# NFT Project on Polygon

This project deploys an NFT collection on the Ethereum blockchain using DALLE2 image generation and integrates it with Polygon to increase demand and save on gas fees.

## Description

This project aims to create and deploy a collection of NFTs using images generated by DALLE2. By leveraging the Polygon network, the project aims to reduce gas fees and enhance scalability. The NFT collection will be minted on Ethereum and then mapped to Polygon using the Polygon Bridge.

## Getting Started

### Installing

1. Run the following command to install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Put your private key, Sepolia API key, Mumbai API key, and account in the `.env.examples` file and rename it to `.env` when finished.

### Executing program

1. Deploy the ERC721 contract on Sepolia network by running:
   ```bash
   npx hardhat run scripts/wonderNFT/deploy.js --network sepolia
   ```

2. Paste the newly deployed contract address in the `CONTRACT_ADDRESS` variable for the scripts.

3. Mint tokens to your wallet by running:
   ```bash
   npx hardhat run scripts/wonderNFT/batchMint.js --network sepolia
   ```

4. Approve and deposit your tokens to Polygon by running:
   ```bash
   npx hardhat run scripts/wonderNFT/approveTransfer.js --network sepolia
   ```

5. Use polyscan.com to check your account for the tokens. Once they arrive, you can click on the transaction to get the contract address for Polygon.

6. Use the Polygon contract address for your `getBalance` script's `tokenAddress`.

7. See the new Polygon balance by running:
   ```bash
   npx hardhat run scripts/wonderNFT/getBalance.js --network sepolia
   ```

## Help

For any issues or questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to the project contributors.

- Contract Address - [0xed374f8B4d22361D2487404dE34224f74F85Fb4C]
- Account Address - [0xd9dBe0daa503Caa6e061f1902a7AF22af096E645]

## Authors

- Omemgboji Emmanuel
  - GitHub: [signor1](https://github.com/signor1)


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.
